Mail listener filters fix (#15907)
demisto/content: Packs/MailListener/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations
##### Mail Listener v2

> - Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** with filters did not return emails from the office365 IMAP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** with filters would not return emails from the Office365 IMAP server.
```

> - Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** with filters would not return emails from the Office365 mail service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** with filters would not return emails from some of the mail services.
```
